Pet Run GAME
A cat running game! Take care of your dog, puppy or kitten. Play virtual dog games with toys, decorate your pet house in this simulator or dress up cute pets and adopt or rescue more.

Pet Run is the best free running game where you can meet your new best friend and go for a run! Choose your pet pal and dash your way through the city and park for fun running adventures!

★ Who Let the Dogs Out? You Did! ★
Play as your favorite pet and choose from cute puppy, kitten and rabbit animal breeds! Help Lucky the labrador, Ginger the cat and their friends to rush through the city streets and park paths! Take your cute pup for a walk and train your puppy by playing with them in the city and park. Dog walking? This is dog running!

★ Take care of your Pet! ★
Take care of your cat or dog. Fill the food bowl to feed your dog, or throw to ball to play with it. When your dogs paw get dirty give it a wash in the bath and shower, then brush it’s fur to make it happy. Switch rooms by clicking the speech bubble or clicking the arrows on the home screen. With three new rooms for your pets to patrol you’ll find loads of fun things to do. Including the new games room with new mini games.

★ Explore the City and Park! ★
Run, slide and leap your way across the city, suburbs, park and forest! Dash forward as fast as you can, dodge obstacles and collect coins! Swipe past trees, slide under funky city birds and jump over logs, broken fire hydrants and even swimming baby ducks! Take a trip down a fun park slide to reach mega heights! The city is your dog show, and the obstacles are your agility course!

Game Features:
★ Colorful HD graphics!
★ Run across the city or through the park!
★ Choose to run with a puppy, kitten or rabbit!
★ Dodge obstacles and collect coins!
★ Use awesome power ups!
★ Activate rainbow mode!
★ Collect coins to upgrade and earn boosters!
★ Come back every day for new rewards!
★ Beat your friends high score!
★ Stay tuned for more content and pets!

What You Get With Pet Run:
★ Run across 4 cool locations.
★ Many obstacles to jump over and avoid.
★ Choose between 8 cute pets.
★ Use 6 power ups and boosters.
★ Win daily prizes and rewards.
★ Feed, clean, bath, brush and play with your pet.
★ Patrol 3 new rooms with fun games and activities.

About AceViral
We love fun games at AceViral! It is our mission to create quality fun games for boys and girls of all ages. You can find our mobile games by searching for “AceViral” on the Google Play Store or keep updated with our latest games on our website.

Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/petrungame
Follow Us on Twitter: @PetRunGame

Send Us Your Feedback!
We really value your feedback as it helps us to improve our games and make them even more fun for everyone. If you have a moment, please rate and review our app. We would love to hear your comments and suggestions.

Need Help? Talk to Us!
You can contact us any time to share your comments or questions. If you need support or have a problem with any of our games then please get in touch with us at support@aceviral.com

For Parents
Pet Run is free to play but contains in app purchases and items which can be bought for real money. You can disable in app purchases on your device within your device settings. By downloading Pet Run you agree to the AceViral Privacy Policy and Terms of Service which you can find within the app.